Update the resize column icon in the context menu (#2978)
hashicorp/design-system: .changeset/stale-olives-count.md

---
"@hashicorp/design-system-components": patch
---

> Updated the Advanced Table context menu to use `resize-column` icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AdvancedTable` - Updated the context menu to use `resize-column` icon.
```

Reviewer 2: Considering the context menu is new this release and already documented in another changset I don't think we need one for this PR.

Reviewer 3: Agree with Dylan. I would go ahead and just delete the changeset file.

Author: Makes sense to me, I've removed the changeset
